feat: update contribution guide template setup (#152)
OpenBioML/chemnlp: CONTRIBUTING.md

```yaml
templates:

>   - prompt: "Please answer the following chemistry question.\nDerive for the molecule with the <SMILES_names> <SMILES_value> the <exp_names>."
>     completion: "<exp_values>"
>   - prompt: "Please answer the following question.\nPredict the <calc_names> for <SMILES_value>."
>     completion: "<calc_value>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - prompt: "Please answer the following chemistry question.\nDerive for the molecule with the <SMILES_text> <SMILES_value> the <exp_text>."
    completion: "<exp_value>"
  - prompt: "Please answer the following question.\nPredict the <calc_text> for <SMILES_value>."
    completion: "<calc_value>"
```

fields:

>   - SMILES_names
>   - SMILES_values
>   - exp_names
>   - calc_names
>   - exp_values:
>       - exp_value
>       - calc_value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  exp_value:
    values:
      - name: exp_value
        column: exp_value
        text: adsorption energy
      - name: calc_value
        column: calc_value
        text: adsorption free energy
  molecule:
    values:
      - name: smiles
        column: smiles
        text:
      - name: smiles
        column: smiles
        text: SMILES
```
